OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoO
  Mystic Draw 1.6 readme
oOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo

Abstract
Mystic Draw is a full featured ansi editor supporting the ansi, avatar, pcboard
and binary format (xbin too :)). It has lots features that you don't see in much 
other ansi drawing tools around like support for TheDrawFont files. Mystic Draw 
is delivered with over 100 fonts in this format.

License
All code files are relased under the terms of the GPL license. The font files
are copyrighted by their authors. As far as I know they're all freeware but
inform me if that is not the case.

Why Mystic Draw ?
Mystic Draw was my first C program which I originally wrote 1994 in turbo 
pascal which I rewrote in C (at the end of 95) when I got my first linux. 
I've worked on it during 96 a bit but so far no one seemed to use this tool. 
2003 I've heard that people actually >USED< this tool and I decided to update
Mystic Draw again ... 

Status
I've cleanded up the source code a lot and translated the rendering enigne to
SDL. Now Mystic Draw supports 512 Character modes,16 background color
mode (blink mode too :)) and a custom palette and custom font. 
It supports more than 80 columns. 
The only format which writes the palette and custom characters is xbin which is
now fully supported.
What is REALLY needed are some people who redesign the graphics for Mystic Draw,
please contact me.

Todo
+ Option screen to set the +80 column mode, blink/non blink and a lot more.
+ Optimize the load/save routines (feel free to send me files which Mystic Draw
  can't load but others do)
    - xbin compressed save
	- xbin/bin resize buffer (for more than 80 columns)
+ Get the fontutility doing something useful (maybe edit fonts ?) ... or at least
  getting it running again (do you need the fontutility to show/edit fonts ?
  please bug me :))
+ Modularize the whole system a bit more:
  - Make a command hashtable for the main class which maps commands to a key and transform
    more functionality into these 'commands' this helps dynamically enabling/disabling commands
    and the whole system can be used as an 'embedded' ansi drawer (maybe for the fontutility)

Contact
If you want to contact me feel free to do so:

My E-MAIL : mike@icsharpcode.net
Homepage  : www.inf.fu-berlin.de/~mkrueger

... I can really need your input
